Tim Sackton: Okay, music.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So we will pick up in the sunlit, shimmering hall beneath
Tim Sackton: the ruined tower of Red Sun Key.
Tim Sackton: It has been hard to know exactly how much time actually, since you entered the Feywild
Tim Sackton: made your way through Emberwine to Sunwine Hall, where you met a number of fake characters of
Tim Sackton: various degrees of dubiousness, and from Count Vashen wants a
Tim Sackton: servant, or courtier, or advisor of some kind to the cloud spinner, but who betrayed her
Tim Sackton: inadvertently or on purpose. You never quite could learn who
Tim Sackton: let you know that at the heart of all of the keeps the cloud spinner built across amberglow.
Tim Sackton: All of the watches on the border of a realm
Tim Sackton: guarded the Sunset Gate, the wall of sunset that divides day from night in the Feywild
Tim Sackton: that watched for incursions from the darkness of harrow and wind.
Tim Sackton: The fey lords or lord
Tim Sackton: people refer to both names, but it's never been quite clear if those are 2 separate entities or 2 aspects of one entity
Tim Sackton: rule. The paired, fey realms of hollow, dark, and dark, fall
Tim Sackton: across the Sunset Gate from the cloud spinner.
Tim Sackton: and from count fashion you learned that. Yes, at the heart of all these keeps worm beacons were
Tim Sackton: some kind of signal rooms that connected signals of some kind connected to a prism. Well, the details being
Tim Sackton: well, you never learned any details other than
Tim Sackton: this would be a way to help find the prism well, or summon the prism well, and so point the path to the prism well.
Tim Sackton: and after traveling across Emberwine, and then turning north and avoiding dangers.
Tim Sackton: destroying the hunters of the gloom, Shaper seeking to prevent you from
Tim Sackton: storing the cloud spinner and infiltrating the red sun watch cloaked entirely in
Tim Sackton: supernatural darkness. A thick fog, almost a soup lake lackness, more
Tim Sackton: a physical presence than just the absence of light.
Tim Sackton: You found yourself finally underneath the central tower of this keep
Tim Sackton: is the courtyard of the keep being composed of 3 towers, the tallest
Tim Sackton: and most central of which you are now underneath.
Tim Sackton: Above you some dark entity from hollow dark dwell
Tim Sackton: concentrating to channel the river of darkness that is flowing into Amberglow.
Tim Sackton: But here, in this chamber below, as Rizwyn's sunbeam spell blazes to light
Tim Sackton: the chamber itself lit up with echoes of the sunset, glowing and reflecting
Tim Sackton: and amplifying the light of the spell.
Tim Sackton: And in this light and it's reflected in this sort of shimmering glow. You can see
Tim Sackton: images, you can see scenes flashing around you of
Tim Sackton: the keep. As it was, 3 towers in a triangle, the the furthest arrayed
Tim Sackton: one made of glowing red stone, rising taller than the rest.
Tim Sackton: and suffused with a light that seemed to seep up from its roots.
Tim Sackton: presumably where you are standing now.
Tim Sackton: the towers standing guard against anything that might try to cross the Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: visions of amber glow of the cloud Palace drifting across, though subtly glowing plains below, the
Tim Sackton: grasses waving under a reddish light.
Tim Sackton: The clouds of the palace, a swirling mix of oranges and yellows
Tim Sackton: streaming behind, almost like awake, as the
Tim Sackton: billowy palace drifts peacefully across the land, and images
Tim Sackton: that you know somehow are the prism well itself.
Tim Sackton: the outside a swirling pyramid reaching to the sky to a point of red clouds whirling like a funnel.
Tim Sackton: flashes of gold and pink mixed within them, and then
Tim Sackton: flashes of transparency passing through a shallow basin set gracefully in a smooth
Tim Sackton: basin of paved stone, iridescent, paved stone, glittering with
Tim Sackton: pinks and purples of the deep sunlight.
Tim Sackton: and inside the basin what looks like liquefied cloud, swirling, bubbling, drifting
Tim Sackton: as if stirred by an unseen breeze, reflecting again the
Tim Sackton: every subtle shade of pink and orange and red of the sunset.
Tim Sackton: There's vision sticks with you as if somehow lighting this room, bringing the magic of
Tim Sackton: well the power of Rizwyn's magic. The sunlight summoned by the gods here has
Tim Sackton: opened a connection or or brought the prism. Well, not here.
Tim Sackton: It's not sitting in this room with you.
Tim Sackton: but you can tell that something's changed as you look around.
Tim Sackton: Seeker now, totally possessed by Lady Eventide. Stands in awe, sort of looking around, color beginning to creep from her feet up through Seeker's body, bright, almost vivid, oversaturated color, beginning to slowly seep into him
Tim Sackton: as you look around, wondering what your next steps are
Tim Sackton: somewhere outside still waits Valeris.
Tim Sackton: The satcher cursed to speak only blunt truth, and your
Tim Sackton: Peacock Lake griffins somewhere outside, as well, perhaps visible on the horizon
Tim Sackton: lies the cloud funnel, the cloud pyramid which hides the prism.
Tim Sackton: but also outside is the darkness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, what next? Then?
Kate Sackton: It would likely be a work of great magic to extend this right space any further than exists.
Kate Sackton: When we leave we'll face the darkness.
Mike Sackton: Could we explore and see if there are any?
Mike Sackton: I.
Kate Sackton: Insights other than the vision.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say, the same thing like, what else is lit up down here? Anything like I forget exactly the room. It's like a room. It has reflections. Is there like
Mike Sackton: anything down here any magic.
Tim Sackton: I mean the the whole thing is magic.
Tim Sackton: The whole thing is magic.
Tim Sackton: This.
Tim Sackton: So it there is. No, there are no obvious.
Tim Sackton: Well, you entered this room via, so there's a series of tunnels right.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: There's a exit leading behind you that leads to this dry cistern, through which a fountain once bubbled in the middle. The towers are laid out like a triangle. Right? There's 1 at each point of the triangle, and then in the middle of that triangle there once once a big fountain that, you know, was in the center of what was presumably a nice courtyard.
Kate Sackton: So we were making a connection to the prison. Well, and this place gave us a vision
Kate Sackton: of what the prison well, looks like. But it's not here.
Kate Sackton: Does that help us connect to it?
Kate Sackton: Or is there another way, something else physically here that could help us.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Didn't mean to be to be subtle. It like lighting up this room caused the prison well to manifest in every. Well.
Tim Sackton: So we just gotta find.
Kate Sackton: Did set up a connection is just not connected physically here.
Tim Sackton: It's just gotta find it.
Kate Sackton: Giant glowing cloud, pyramid down, tornado of sunrise.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Look for the upside down, tornado, sunrise.
Mike Sackton: So I guess we should go look for it. I'm trying to think. Where would we start?
Kate Sackton: Do we have any magical getting places quickly spells left? We get like just right back to where we left the griffins?
Kate Sackton: Or do we have.
Tim Sackton: I mean seeker still got 1 8th level spell. He could teleport.
Kate Sackton: Or we have to fight our way out of the darkness, because, like it was chasing us down these halls.
Mike Sackton: I just got. I don't remember what's I don't think I have any spells.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe we can just.
Mike Sackton: Else of we could dimension door.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's also got dimension door.
Mike Sackton: But that's.
Tim Sackton: That only gets 4 of you.
Mike Sackton: Only gets 4 of us right? The problem with dimension doors. We can only take 4 people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like I can probably stealthily fly out of here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, it's not gonna kill me twice right.
Mike Sackton: That's what you say. Now.
Kate Sackton: So I should death ward you and heal you, and then send you on your way.
Mike Sackton: Actually Death ward and then run is not a bad idea.
Mike Sackton: but is is dimension. Door?
Mike Sackton: Is dimension door far enough? Can we get far enough with dimension door.
Kate Sackton: You're the most.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 500 feet should get us outside of the whole.
Tim Sackton: You dimension door to the, to the tower, to the top of the other tower, so you can obviously dimension door out.
Mike Sackton: We should just do that.
Mike Sackton: Zika runs the rest of us dimension door.
Tim Sackton: Well be runs. I don't think.
Mike Sackton: Welby runs. Sorry. Sorry Welby runs. Welby runs. No, I meant Welby.
Kate Sackton: I do have one deathbed left. There is.
Mike Sackton: I would death Ward Welby, and then send him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would not say no to a death ward.
Tim Sackton: Seeker will also ritual cast telepathic bond before you split up, in case there is trouble.
Mike Sackton: Right that makes sense.
Tim Sackton: Is there anything else seeker can do?
Tim Sackton: Oh, and he'll give you inspiration.
Kate Sackton: You are death warded, reached over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And telepathic.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: so just going 500 feet back where you came from.
Tim Sackton: I'll mark off the dimension door.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let me.
Kate Sackton: On the not needing the death War Ward front. Are you like?
Kate Sackton: Do you need some healing, too?
Kate Sackton: How you, feeling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm at 74 out of 1 15, like I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): actually could use healing, because that thing did more than 75 points of damage in one round.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so I would not say no to that.
Kate Sackton: Alright and cure wounds.
Kate Sackton: We get out of that 23.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: So as Riswin and seeker and dealt with, and Kinzo vanish.
Tim Sackton: lobby is left in the lighted room, death worded
Tim Sackton: and ready to run.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I guess
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): running I mean, it's very tempting to to start looking around now that the whole place is lit up. But I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know the right thing to do is to follow the plan. So I'm going to follow the plan.
Tim Sackton: So which exit are you going to leave from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I'm going to go back
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the way that we came down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so just do the whole thing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do the whole thing in reverse. Again.
Tim Sackton: So, heading back to the tower.
Tim Sackton: finding your way as you enter. Remember, as you enter the tower, that where the the roof is lit. The entire thing is completely pitch black, impenetrable to
Tim Sackton: dark sight, to dark vision, to anything it feels like. You are
Tim Sackton: rocking through some sort of thick fog
Tim Sackton: that just clings to your eyes.
Tim Sackton: making it impossible to see anything.
Tim Sackton: That's okay. I'm gonna activate those booths of speed and go very quickly.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: so you you find your way to the You. You emerge from the tunnel onto this bottom floor of the tower, where you can hear the noise of something stirring in the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: hissing sort of whispers pressing at the windows. It feels like some things
Tim Sackton: creeping up to the door, trying to press in, and everywhere you look around, you pitch black, you keep
Tim Sackton: seeing like a flicker of movement behind you, something creeping, and you turn quickly, and you look, and
Tim Sackton: you think you see something, but there's nothing there, and you begin to
Tim Sackton: feel your way quickly for the stairs and click your heels together, and
Tim Sackton: the adrenaline and the speed from the boots, you begin to force your way, running up, make a wisdom save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 23.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to move up.
Tim Sackton: Moving quicker and quicker up the stairs.
Tim Sackton: Kong.
Mike Sackton: Hey!
David S. Kong: Sorry about that show. I'm back.
Tim Sackton: No worries. Kenzo dealt with
Tim Sackton: riswin and Seeker Dimension doored back to out from the chamber back to the
Tim Sackton: base camp where the satyr and the and the
Tim Sackton: and the griffins are waiting, and Welby is currently trying to flee on his own through the darkness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's a kick.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cheesecake.
David S. Kong: Why are you doing that.
Mike Sackton: Because we can only.
Tim Sackton: We actually don't.
Mike Sackton: 4 people.
David S. Kong: Oh, fuck!
Mike Sackton: So we will be volunteered to be the runner.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You weren't.
Mike Sackton: Here. Maybe Kenza would have done it.
Tim Sackton: I mean thwarted. He's inspired, and he just made his wisdom saved. So things are looking fine.
Tim Sackton: Okay, like this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So so far, so far, so good.
David S. Kong: Thank you for your sacrifice.
Tim Sackton: So, Wabi, as you begin to move quickly, your hand on the wall, feeling your way up the staircase, the empty space of the room on your left as you spiral up against the wall.
Tim Sackton: the sounds creeping behind you sound of footsteps, the sound of something in the dark.
Tim Sackton: and every time you look around every time you stop it stops, and you keep telling yourself
Tim Sackton: it's not real. It's just in my mind. This happened on the way down, I remember.
Tim Sackton: and you move quicker and quicker as you begin
Tim Sackton: heading up to the top, but keeping your wits about you.
Tim Sackton: Fun, manage finally to emerge at the sunlit roof.
Tim Sackton: What you can see as looking across this river of darkness that's sort of rolling across the landscape.
Tim Sackton: Almost looks like it's
Tim Sackton: bething and anger. It's boiling. Little fragments of the darkness are beginning to sort of bud off and grow wings and form into this
Tim Sackton: thing you fought this
Tim Sackton: winged creature attached to the human attached will, holding a giant scythe begin. They're still growing, but it's like they're beginning to bud out of the darkness, and
Tim Sackton: you can't see much, because you're the one person in light, as everything else around here is sort of
Tim Sackton: in the darkness. You lit up standing on the roof of this tower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go, go, go, go, go.
Tim Sackton: Dive off
Tim Sackton: Open up your wings from your armor, and begin to fly as fast as you can. Racing across the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: You hear shrieks from below, and flying out of the night?
Tim Sackton: Where is this?
Tim Sackton: make a I think, a dexterity saving throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 20 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: There is the stats you dodge out of the way as a
Tim Sackton: Like a erupting arm of this dark boiling stuff underneath the
Tim Sackton: coming from the the courtyard below. That, you see, you can see now is like all this boiling sort of seething darkness reaching up to try and grab you, and it misses. But you see, streaming up from the ground.
Tim Sackton: moving considerably slower than you are.
Tim Sackton: Just a swarming mass of dark shapes and flying out of
Tim Sackton: flying out of that you!
Tim Sackton: This word of as you're zipping past running to escape them.
Tim Sackton: This bound this screech of terror. Strikes you. That's 11, plus
Tim Sackton: that's a 21 to hit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a hit.
Tim Sackton: You take 40 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: And you can't speak or use telepathy.
Tim Sackton: Lobby suddenly goes silent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's fine!
Tim Sackton: Keeps moving, racing forward across the courtyard, make a dexterity, saving, throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to use inspiration. What sort of inspiration do I have to use.
Mike Sackton: You have a d. 12.
Tim Sackton: Ralph, you also have presume, I think. Do you still have your heroic inspiration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do not.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, shit. Okay, that is altogether hang on actually, that screen. 19 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike Sackton: 90, sir.
Tim Sackton: Dodge again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I rolled a 2. So.
Mike Sackton: Wait. You started with a 2, and you got up to a 19.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, plus 10 for the deck, save plus 7 from its.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wow! Right you didn't.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: I guess there was oh, no inspiration right? So that passes your DC. 17 deck, save to avoid being grappled.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Tim Sackton: And you the rest of you. Now see, Welby, this little halfling, emerging like a dart from this
Tim Sackton: pool of darkness.
Kate Sackton: Would you say, like a bat out of hell?
Tim Sackton: Yes, maybe like that.
Tim Sackton: a. You just see, as he shoots out from the darkness like a giant, shadowy hand reaching for his leg, and as it's about to grapple him suddenly, this little rune that's spinning around his head explodes next to the hand, and the darkness shatters for a second, allowing him to
Tim Sackton: dart away to safety.
Tim Sackton: and you find yourself now landing
Tim Sackton: next to the rest of the party next to the Satyr and the griffins about of
Tim Sackton: about a hundred feet from where the darkness begins
Tim Sackton: on the far side of the walls, away from the patrols and the minions that lurk in the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: but as you wait as you land.
Tim Sackton: you can still see just faintly lit up by the glow of the tower, these shapes still growing and forming the wings like curled. It's almost like butterflies emerging from a chrysalis right? They're sort of curled up, and the wings are slowly inflating with darkness. 3 of them sort of budding off from the
Tim Sackton: darkness around the tower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I speak again now that I'm out of the darkness.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can speak again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like we should keep going.
Kate Sackton: Is there any one direction that we want to head as a group? Or do we need to split up to scan for this?
Kate Sackton: Prism. Well, that's manifested, and then telepathically, there we go.
Kate Sackton: Call each other when we find it
Kate Sackton: like, let's hop on these griffins and go. But
Kate Sackton: is there one direction to go away from the darkness? Is that one direction, or is it like 3 like? Should we go
Kate Sackton: out like spokes from a wheel?
Mike Sackton: I mean, the vision was pretty big, right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is it gonna be hard to find?
Mike Sackton: Mind?
Mike Sackton: Maybe it's going to be hard to find if it's.
Kate Sackton: Possible to go in the absolute wrong direction.
Mike Sackton: Right. That's true. That's true.
Kate Sackton: We take off.
Mike Sackton: But aren't we on the border a little bit.
Kate Sackton: Okay, it's not possible to go like exactly the wrong direction. But if it's like a
Kate Sackton: march and we go.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: That's yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Remind. Remind me. Yeah, remind me again exactly what it is we're looking for.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just I was just gonna say, I've just remind.
Tim Sackton: You're looking for you're looking for. Let me show you. Let me show you what you're looking for.
Kate Sackton: I've been calling it an upside down tornado, but he has a more majestic name for it.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit! That's beautiful!
Tim Sackton: That's what you're looking for. This is the cloud that hides the prism well.
Tim Sackton: which you summoned by lighting up the beacon.
David S. Kong: And where is that?
Tim Sackton: You don't know where it is. You know exactly what it looks like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Sorry man.
Kate Sackton: It's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Either left or right or forward.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby raises his bow and pulls the string back, even though there's nothing there, and as it pulls back, an arrow appears in it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and he lets it go. And, Tim, you can describe.
Tim Sackton: The arrow. The arrow flies up into the sky
Tim Sackton: and then bursts into light and begins racing off to the south.
Tim Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Eventually.
Tim Sackton: Well, be
Tim Sackton: now, only while we can see once it races off only while we can see it a
Tim Sackton: clear, glowing line of sunset, tinged sort of glittering footsteps leading off to the southwest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Going that way.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Thank you. Welby.
Tim Sackton: The so get on, are you?
Tim Sackton: I assume you're getting out your griffin, I mean your Wyvern.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah, absolutely. It's been too long.
Tim Sackton: If
Tim Sackton: So you take a few minutes to
Tim Sackton: put down, open the portable hole.
Tim Sackton: lift the mirror out, release the Wyvern, calm it down, reminded of who you are, you know.
Tim Sackton: Give it a little, you know. Chill. We're just gonna fly really fast. Don't worry about what's following you
Tim Sackton: climb on his back. The rest of you mount the griffins, and as you take off
Tim Sackton: racing across the the land of
Tim Sackton: Amber Glow following Welby, who's following the
Tim Sackton: blowing footsteps below him, you can see these 3
Tim Sackton: shadow shapes beginning to in the distance, maybe
Tim Sackton: 1,000 feet behind you, beginning to inflate their wings, and then breaking off racing after you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far do we have to go?
Tim Sackton: Well, distance is a little bit Unclear, in the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: You have
Tim Sackton: You have half a day to go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, all right.
Tim Sackton: But it's not quite clear exactly what that means.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right. How long a day is.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, or is that a measure of distance time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We don't see the presumably fairly large-ish mountain of.
Tim Sackton: You don't see it. Immediately on the.
Kate Sackton: There we are. So it's got the.
Tim Sackton: It's gotta be more than it's gotta be more than 20 miles away or more than 30 miles away.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So let's go with all deliberate speed. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: These 3 shadow beasts! Now break off. You've got a decent head start, but they're coming
Tim Sackton: as quickly as they can after you.
Tim Sackton: You can just go as fast as you can and push your griffins, and
Tim Sackton: hope that you outrun them. If there's anything you want to do to
Tim Sackton: either speed you up or slow them down.
Tim Sackton: Now's the time.
Mike Sackton: That's a good question.
Mike Sackton: I do want to do something to slow them down.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: How far back are they? Right now? They're like a long ways back right now, right.
Tim Sackton: They're about a thousand feet back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What would conceivably even slow them down.
Mike Sackton: They're shadows right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Can we protect ourselves with light.
Tim Sackton: That would be a rizwin property.
Kate Sackton: Have any like blanket of light, like gorgeousness going on.
Kate Sackton: I have 3 long strider buffs, but.
Mike Sackton: Longstrider would make the griffins go faster.
Tim Sackton: It would make the griffins go faster.
Kate Sackton: How many griffins do we have?
Mike Sackton: 4.
Kate Sackton: Or it's gonna be the slow Griffin.
Mike Sackton: The invisible one.
Kate Sackton: There's an idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Invisible is very interesting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'd go in a different direction, and then.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Who wants to be the invisible one.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could do it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Who's that? Who's got the most hit points? Should I be the invisible one.
Mike Sackton: Maybe how many hit points do you have?
Kate Sackton: 100 and 44.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yes, you should be in the visible one.
Mike Sackton: I have 79, I mean, I have a hundred.
Tim Sackton: So seeker is wondering
Tim Sackton: the F
Tim Sackton: if
Tim Sackton: it's a risk.
Tim Sackton: Well, Lady Eventide says I can slow them down, but
Tim Sackton: looking at his glove. I have to be within
Tim Sackton: 480 feet of them.
Tim Sackton: so do we let them catch up and then have their speed for a minute. Is that worth it?
Kate Sackton: Feels like one of those math problems like, if this party is going at this rate and you can increase this speed. But.
Mike Sackton: True.
Kate Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: But I'm wondering if, if, by the way.
Kate Sackton: Those.
Mike Sackton: You what.
Kate Sackton: I used to love those phones.
Tim Sackton: Those math problems.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you just solve it right now, Kate, come on.
Kate Sackton: Don't have time.
Mike Sackton: Tell me done with? What were you gonna say?
Mike Sackton: What if we had 2 of us falter like one of the
Mike Sackton: griffins was injured, or slowing down, or something right.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: Then I'm just trying to think how we could trick him with invisibility somehow
Mike Sackton: or an illusion right? And then 2 of us fall back right?
Mike Sackton: And then
Mike Sackton: Man, does anybody have illusions? Does anybody have good.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Got some.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: I can make my eyes change color.
Mike Sackton: Could make a hallucinary.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: seeker does have animal shape. I don't know if that does any good.
Mike Sackton: How he he didn't use his 8th level spell, did he?
Tim Sackton: He didn't use his 8th on the spell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if we were something faster, but also like much smaller? So it'd be harder to see, assuming they're relying on vision to track us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which they may not be.
Mike Sackton: are they? Okay? Well, we'll fly, for I mean while we're talking right? Are they gaining like? How quickly are they gaining this.
Kate Sackton: Where are they?
Mike Sackton: Or are they kidding?
Tim Sackton: They are, but slowly.
Tim Sackton: You know, they're gaining.
Tim Sackton: They're gaining. Maybe
Tim Sackton: you know that 20. It's like they're let's see, 5 feet around. So like 60, they're gaining, maybe like
Tim Sackton: 50, 30 to 50 feet every minute, or something like that. So.
Mike Sackton: Like like 5 feet around.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, something like that. If you do nothing they would catch you. They would catch you in
Tim Sackton: by 10 in like half an hour.
Mike Sackton: So they're gaining on us slowly enough that long Strider would make the difference.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So I think a plan to do some sort of long stridery thing
Mike Sackton: is a great way. Is the Wyvern faster than the griffins? Are we all the same speed.
Tim Sackton: That's a good question.
Mike Sackton: And because there's actually, when I say there's because there's also we have our 2 companions also in griffins, right.
Tim Sackton: But well, 2 of 2 people are riding the Wyvern.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Welby traditionally, and then Valeris dealt with Seeker and
Tim Sackton: Rizwyn are on your 4 griffins.
Mike Sackton: So, but so we have 5 beasts, and we can only long strider 3 of them.
Tim Sackton: Yes, let me just double check like.
Mike Sackton: Do you have a spell of longstrider, or just some.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a room.
Kate Sackton: I have a yeah, I have a door.
Mike Sackton: Dwarven rune.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I have.
Mike Sackton: You can't, you can't upcast it.
Kate Sackton: You know it's a first.st
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Kate Sackton: One cast.
Tim Sackton: Griffin and Wyvern have both have the same fly speed.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and animal shapes can do like 8 of us.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Mike Sackton: But there's actually 10 of us.
Tim Sackton: Animal shapes can do any number of willing creatures that you can see within range.
Mike Sackton: Ow.
Tim Sackton: But I don't think you're gonna I mean, both Wyverns and Griffins are quite fast.
Tim Sackton: I don't know that you're going to get a faster creature with animal shapes, you just might be able to cause confusion with animal shapes right.
Mike Sackton: Okay, yeah, m.
Mike Sackton: so, so, okay, so if we long stride our 3.
Mike Sackton: Right, which we need to do shortly. We need to
Mike Sackton: decide quickly before they cast us right. If we long Strider 3, we'll have 2 beasts
Mike Sackton: with either 2 of us, or or
Mike Sackton: we'll have 2 2. Well, 4 creatures that now I can make 4 creatures invisible.
Mike Sackton: but it seems like we need something. So that I mean, if we just 2, if 2 of just just pop out of the sky, the invisibility seems potentially less useful.
Mike Sackton: Right. So how do we drink that.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we're all flying like we go. I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I just get worried.
Mike Sackton: I just worried. If they assume there's some invisible creature that why would they not hunt for it and find it.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: The key on invisibility is to actually let them
Mike Sackton: ass, and then like go off in other directions.
Mike Sackton: But we could just try invisibility. If we don't have a better idea.
Kate Sackton: I mean, are there any bodies of water around
Kate Sackton: this? Is is this a land with rippers.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, there's a river not that far away. Actually, you passed a river.
Tim Sackton: You crossed a river just before you got to the keep, and you're actually heading roughly in its direction.
Kate Sackton: I can shape water. I could make some sort of interesting looking splash
Kate Sackton: enough of like.
Mike Sackton: We foul.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, or dove in the water to hide or.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you can, if you can buy time for seeker, he can.
Tim Sackton: wow! No! What can you really do with that?
Tim Sackton: I'm looking at what seeker can do, but I don't know if there's anything that useful.
Kate Sackton: The slowing, isn't it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he could slow them. But
Tim Sackton: I mean, that gives you I don't think that
Tim Sackton: that's a that's probably more useful to keep in in your back pocket if they catch up.
Tim Sackton: because it'll let you burst ahead for a minute.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we if we landed, I could cast hallucinary terrain right.
Mike Sackton: And then invisibility, and and hide in the hallucinary terrain, and then
Mike Sackton: we could have 2. We could all of us head for that. I could cast hallucinary train if we really want to do something. Oh, that takes 10 min to cast.
Mike Sackton: It's kind of annoying.
Mike Sackton: That's okay. That might be okay.
Mike Sackton: its range is 300 feet. What if we aim towards the ground?
Mike Sackton: This may be overly complicated, but start gliding down right.
Mike Sackton: Like a little bit.
Mike Sackton: So like we're like, something's going on. We need to go to the ground. Cast hallucinary terrain.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'm flying. I can cast it while I'm flying right? Because I'm not actually flying to make some sort of
Mike Sackton: illusionary area on the ground.
Mike Sackton: Like I don't. I don't know what the train likes like right right now. What? What is.
Tim Sackton: Now it's it's pretty. It's kind of scattered scrubland, but you can see ahead of you in the direction you're going. There's like a line of sort of weathered trees along this river that you crossed. That's that's maybe
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 miles in the
Tim Sackton: future. You could probably just get to the river before they catch you.
Mike Sackton: Wait we just. There's a second river. After we crossed the 1st river.
Tim Sackton: No, this is the river that you crossed.
Tim Sackton: You're heading. You're heading back the way you came, because you.
Mike Sackton: Oh! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Tim Sackton: Hadn't the rubber we could. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, okay?
Mike Sackton: So we could try and make some sort of terrain land
Mike Sackton: hide in the train, turn invisible
Mike Sackton: long Strider. The 2 invisible people go off some other direction that might just be overly complicated, though, compared to just casting invisibility.
Kate Sackton: I think any stopping.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: We don't want to miss the prison well, like we don't want them to go to the prison well and attack it right.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we have seeker seekers, Griffin and Rizwyn? Maybe.
Mike Sackton: And Riswin's griffin become invisible and fall back.
Kate Sackton: Us.
Mike Sackton: To and try and just hope that they go past you.
Mike Sackton: Right. Try and go to the side.
Mike Sackton: and the rest of us will long stride her ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know?
Kate Sackton: The arched route. Still get there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know that invisibility will actually hide us from them?
Mike Sackton: We don't, but if we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Truesight, or something.
Mike Sackton: We start to split up, and they don't seem to notice following you then.
Mike Sackton: and the idea behind seeker is if they seem like they're about to get caught. Seeker could throw the slow
Mike Sackton: to try and escape.
Mike Sackton: or to try, and for us to turn back around and regroup so that we're we could fight them together, or whatever.
Tim Sackton: That uninvisible, so.
Mike Sackton: Oh, casting slow, right? Because it's not just me that yeah, that's true.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But if they're about to catch him being uninvisible, I mean, the point is, who cares if he uninvisible? This is the scenario where the invisibility doesn't work. And they're gonna
Mike Sackton: right right? Right?
Kate Sackton: We have.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I would be tempted to just try that. I don't have a better idea.
Kate Sackton: All right. Are we trying it when we're near the river to make it distracting splash? Or are we trying it sooner and just hoping they don't notice 2 people pop in this bowl.
Kate Sackton: I kind of vote for the river idea, but if we don't think it's soon enough, then.
Kate Sackton: because they'll be just about to catch us at that point.
Kate Sackton: It's better to do it sooner, because the longer you have long Strider, the further you widen the gap.
Kate Sackton: I can see that argument, too. So
Kate Sackton: just double, seemed very concerned about having a distraction, but the distraction delays it.
Kate Sackton: I kind of think I'm talking myself back into thinking we should do it sooner and not have it. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think we should just do it sooner, too. We should like fly in a why, in a
Mike Sackton: we we can like try and.
Kate Sackton: Dancers that try to what all themselves up.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, get the griffins to like fly around a little bit in a in a pattern right?
Mike Sackton: and I mean, you could like one of the griffins who's about to turn invisible could dive or something.
Mike Sackton: and then turn invisible. Well, no, I have to touch you to turn well, no, I could metamagic it to not have to touch actually.
Mike Sackton: what does that? Let me do? Hold on.
Tim Sackton: Probably 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: I almost charged 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so you could dive, and I could catch it. I could make you invisible.
Mike Sackton: So let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Any other tweaks.
Kate Sackton: I act a touch for the long strider.
Mike Sackton: Well, you can long strider 1st come through in Wong Strider.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to fly through in Longstrider.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So the Wyvern and Valeris's Griffin and Kenzo's Griffin are all. Now
Tim Sackton: get a boost of energy and speed from.
Tim Sackton: So now, what if they go their full speed instead of being closed.
Tim Sackton: instead of getting closing 50 feet a minute, you will be gaining 50 feet a minute.
Tim Sackton: How long does ladder long stay to rest, for like an hour.
Kate Sackton: An hour, an hour.
Tim Sackton: So you can get like 50 times 60. That's a that's a.
Kate Sackton: It doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can get like half a mile ahead of them, which gives you some options.
Tim Sackton: But it's not gonna I mean, it's not a permanent solution unless you like.
Tim Sackton: See the.
Kate Sackton: Pillar.
Tim Sackton: The prison law soon.
Tim Sackton: but it certainly gets you out of their. It could potentially get you out of their sight.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so longstrider the 3. The 3 beasts burst with a burst of speed.
Tim Sackton: And then, as you begin to
Tim Sackton: let's see, this is a complicated enough maneuver, while the animal handling check on the river. The griffins are all super well trained, and also like, are intelligent enough. You can talk to them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a 15.
Tim Sackton: Seeker will inspire you.
Tim Sackton: 50 is not enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a 24.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay, so the Wyvern begins to do this like
Tim Sackton: big sort of display, like beginning to get up into a circle and spin around, and you know it's
Tim Sackton: laying itself up like a big target, and just kind of, you know, dancing around, and at the same time all of the griffins kind of
Tim Sackton: dart around the Wyvern is substantially bigger than any of the griffins. Sort of begin to dart around. Wyvern turns back and looks at these 3 shadow beasts and gives a big roar and like shakes its tail.
Tim Sackton: and at the exact moment when, assuming these things, rely on site, the
Tim Sackton: The Wyverns are blocked. The Wyvern's body is blocking the
Tim Sackton: sight of the griffins in front of you. It turns back and gives a roar, and like snaps its jaws if it's trying to bite something out of the air, and then begins to fly up.
Tim Sackton: shaking its head, and then 2 griffins and 2 people riding them vanish.
Tim Sackton: and then it gives another roar and sort of dives down and begins flying. Now quicker
Tim Sackton: as seeker and rizwin sort of peel off invisibly to the sides.
Kate Sackton: They just together and just make a big arch.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Gradually heading in the same direction. Everyone's heading in, but, like.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Like that, you know.
Tim Sackton: Let me. Where is my
Tim Sackton: enable?
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, that's not a very good perception. Check!
Tim Sackton: They are oblivious. The the shadow creatures seem oblivious to your side.
Tim Sackton: whatever they don't veer off. Course they just stick on the Wyvern
Tim Sackton: not maybe particularly noticing that they're
Tim Sackton: now losing ground instead of gaining ground
Tim Sackton: but slowly over the course of the next
Tim Sackton: hour, you begin to put more distance behind them, going from sort of a thousand feet away to now
Tim Sackton: almost a mile away, and
Tim Sackton: the Wyvern might still be visible this far away, but like from a mile in a sort of
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: featureless sky. The griffins are going to look at best like dots, right? I mean, that's close to the resolution that we should be able to spot them, and at this point, as you're as you're slowly gaining ground, they've now long past flown past where the invisible folks are.
Tim Sackton: Welby turns a little bit on the Griffin, and you're sort of following the course of the river a little bit, following the sparkles
Tim Sackton: from beneath you, at least for a minute.
Tim Sackton: You seem to be out of sight.
Tim Sackton: whether you've lost them permanently, or
Tim Sackton: whether I mean they can probably still see the Wyvern, because it's big.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: And you can certainly still see them. They're huge.
Tim Sackton: But you definitely have some breathing room for a few minutes, anyway.
Tim Sackton: But Seeker and Riswin now are some distance behind
Tim Sackton: the river. The shadow beasts are in between you and Seeker and Rosebunny, who have.
Tim Sackton: you know, hidden out, maybe flown down close to the ground, or something where they when the invisibility wears off, they won't be noticeable.
Kate Sackton: Why would we stop?
Kate Sackton: We're not stopping.
Tim Sackton: Because you're moving. You're not stopping, but the
Tim Sackton: shadow beasts are moving faster than you, because you're not long stridered.
Kate Sackton: No, I just mean you said Wait, and we're not like waiting. We're just progressing in the same direction.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. But the shadow beasts are now in. It's like the Wyvern, the shadow beasts. And then you you're behind them because they've flown past you.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, no, I know objected to the word. Wait.
Kate Sackton: Now, it's like we're chasing the shadow beasts who are chasing people like anymore, except the Wyvern.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Now an hour is almost up as you are.
Mike Sackton: I mean invisibility will run out in an hour or 2.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Then we will have to hide, or something
Kate Sackton: which is chased upon them from behind. A surprise attack.
Tim Sackton: Speaker is considering animal shapes.
Mike Sackton: I mean animal shapes. Would you could just turn into little birds and flutter off right.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I would do that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: The.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Us and our can our griffins maintain their.
Mike Sackton: Because you could just transition from invisible to little birds, and just.
Tim Sackton: You can turn the griffins into little birds.
Kate Sackton: They'll maintain their identities fast, little.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So Seeker is going to seeker before. Just before the invisibility wears off.
Tim Sackton: seekers like is looking around. You know.
Tim Sackton: this land is not totally devoid of life. Right like, especially along the river, you do see the occasional like little sparrow or something, and
Tim Sackton: seeker just mimics, whatever it is that he can see, and you just kind of quietly mix in with the
Tim Sackton: the local fauna.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: And that lasts for 24 h. So.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: The rest of you about a mile ahead.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I have a question.
Tim Sackton: Long Strider begins to fade.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Hold on! Can I cast prayer of healing on the back of a
Mike Sackton: well? We don't have to be like you don't have to be like
Mike Sackton: standing still, do I? I haven't already cast it today, have I?
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately, D and D beyond doesn't keep track of what spells I've cast.
Mike Sackton: I might have cast it actually.
Tim Sackton: You cast it, you cast.
Mike Sackton: I think I did.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think I did. Okay, never mind.
Tim Sackton: Cast it in the tower.
Mike Sackton: Okay, never mind.
Tim Sackton: Yes, there's no reason you can't. You can't take a short rest while you're.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You can.
Mike Sackton: But you can.
Tim Sackton: Spells while you're writing. Casting spells only requires concentration.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing stopping you.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far are we now like? Are we appreciably closer?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We start to estimate.
Tim Sackton: You are closer.
Tim Sackton: It's funny, like you can. You can feel like you can see exactly where to go.
Tim Sackton: and your path now leads you along this river.
Tim Sackton: and it definitely feels like you're close.
Tim Sackton: But like you can't see anything.
Tim Sackton: The sky is maybe a had lighter. You've gotten away from the River of Darkness.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: It definitely feels like you've you've actually like from your sense of your arrow, like, find the path like you've probably covered half the distance, but like looking around.
Tim Sackton: it's a little unclear.
Mike Sackton: Right. I mean I if we think we've covered half the distance
Mike Sackton: at this point, aren't we? Not that far? I mean.
Mike Sackton: it's not to say that something might not
Mike Sackton: like they're not gonna catch us. It was going to take them a while to catch us, anyway, right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you've got like 2 h without longstrider. Now.
Mike Sackton: Right like at this point.
Tim Sackton: Indeed.
Mike Sackton: Just keep going right.
Mike Sackton: and if they start to gain on us, that's when secret throws another. If they get to within 500 feet. We can start doing more things.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: That's what I would do.
Tim Sackton: So you race on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, just to put that in context, too. Like if they're gaining 10 feet per round.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I can start shooting at them from 3 or 20 feet away, like I have 32 rounds of sneak attacks on those guys.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe they can get close.
Mike Sackton: It's true.
Mike Sackton: Well, be on an arrow well, be mounted on a Wyvern shooting arrows back towards them.
Tim Sackton: Is pretty effective.
Mike Sackton: While they're I mean, I can also lg your blast from
Mike Sackton: well, only 120 feet, not 300, not 600 feet or whatever.
Mike Sackton: but they're only gaining 10.
Mike Sackton: If they're not gaining. If they're gaining very slowly on us, we can start peppering them with damaging attacks at pretty long range.
Mike Sackton: So let's just see what happens.
David S. Kong: Sounds like a plan.
Tim Sackton: So you push forward.
Tim Sackton: The little birds, I mean the 2 griffins and riswin and
Tim Sackton: and Seeker are still behind you, right, but they're, as far as you know, they're completely
Tim Sackton: at this point your telepathy ends as well. But they, you know, assure you.
Tim Sackton: But we're fine. We're fine like
Tim Sackton: hidden. They didn't see us. The invisibility trick worked.
Tim Sackton: and the rest of you just race forward as now they begin slowly gaining as you're following the course of the river. The sun getting slightly brighter in the sky, and you begin to start to see colors
Tim Sackton: after about. Maybe, like this land has mostly been desaturated, but after about maybe half an hour of flying.
Tim Sackton: you're occasionally like flying through clouds like the the
Tim Sackton: the clouds are getting much thicker. The land is getting almost mistier.
Tim Sackton: Occasional fog banks begin to appear.
Tim Sackton: and the light is becoming a lot more intense, and it's almost like the saturation is being turned up in the world.
David S. Kong: You begin flying.
Tim Sackton: Still pushing yourself, still pushing the Wyvern, racing across the ground, and hearing now howls from below.
Tim Sackton: as, racing across the plains, you see another pack of those wargs and dust hounds mounted on them.
Tim Sackton: beginning to aim their arrows at you as you
Tim Sackton: shoot up into the sky, and as you burst through a cloud
Tim Sackton: opening off a vista before you, you can see this pyramid
Tim Sackton: not more than a mile in front of you.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's that's good.
Mike Sackton: So we.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Towards the pyramid.
Mike Sackton: Can we make it there before any of these people catch us? Probably right.
Tim Sackton: As long as you stay about 600 feet. The archers aren't going to be able to hurt you.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: You should make it before the shadow beasts catch you.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're going way faster than a mile an hour. Right? You're probably flying it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: 6 or 7 miles an hour.
Tim Sackton: so a mile is maybe 10 min.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: So you begin racing the last 10 min.
Tim Sackton: seeker and rizwin now starting to catch up. Not not so far behind you now, maybe only a few minutes behind.
Mike Sackton: Until within.
Tim Sackton: The Wyvern's still like half a mile away or so. Right they haven't. They've only closed up
Tim Sackton: a small part of the gap. The Warg riders and dusks noticing you. But you're too high up. They're they're sort of beginning to wheel and circle towards the
Tim Sackton: towards the mist, when suddenly you burst through the clouds
Tim Sackton: and see swirling below you a pool
Tim Sackton: of what seems like liquid color
Tim Sackton: from the inside. Now, just gray clouds surrounding you. Everything is sort of misty and shadowy.
Tim Sackton: Have no idea whether any of these creatures that are chasing you can enter this space or not.
Tim Sackton: but I presume you land.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And you look around as Seeker and Rizwyn and the griffins shift back.
Tim Sackton: Think you can turn into a.
Mike Sackton: The birds. You can magic action and convert shapes.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: So you can exit the form as a bonus action. And if Seeker wants, he can turn you back with an action
Tim Sackton: to something else.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So you all stand and look at each other. You don't know how long you have. Maybe minutes before
Tim Sackton: any of these hunters reach the edge of this cloud wall.
Mike Sackton: Should we just.
Kate Sackton: Powerful ally.
Mike Sackton: Throw cloud spinner in. See what happens.
Mike Sackton: I'm serious.
Tim Sackton: How? How are you gonna get Cloud spinner out of the portable hole.
Mike Sackton: I guess. Can we not turn the portable hole upside down.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Everything else in the portable hole will fall in.
Mike Sackton: Can't thesis?
Mike Sackton: Doesn't that move up to a ton?
Tim Sackton: Yup! Let me see what stall slots he's got left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we still have that.
Kate Sackton: Sooner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Invisible, floating disk thing, maybe no.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we have that.
Kate Sackton: We got her into the hole. How do we get her into the hole?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a flat surface.
Tim Sackton: What shaped you?
Tim Sackton: No seeker.
Mike Sackton: Animal shaped us into like elephants or something.
Mike Sackton: but he could just animal shit.
Tim Sackton: Wait!
Mike Sackton: You would just elevate.
Tim Sackton: The same thing.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just do that.
Kate Sackton: Your elephant dwarf friends will just go into the hole and push her out.
Tim Sackton: But he also does have. He does have a spell slot for telekinesis, so he could use that, too, and that can lift any huge or smaller object.
Mike Sackton: That might be simpler.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have to run to the restroom for a sec, but we figured.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Seekers happy to use telekinesis.
Tim Sackton: So that's his. So he's got a 6th and
Tim Sackton: a 3rd level slot left. That's it.
Tim Sackton: So so you, Wabi puts down the hole, opens it up.
Tim Sackton: You know, that's basically an action telekinesis list. The thing out maybe takes
Tim Sackton: half a minute to just get everything in position and lift everything out, and you can see the sort of
Tim Sackton: crystal prism, crystal, crystal prison of the cloud spinner begin to lift
Tim Sackton: out of the hole and slowly float over towards this pool.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna wait till the.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Dave and Dave come back.
David S. Kong: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Pod spinner slowly begins to drift with seekers, telekinesis.
Tim Sackton: hovering above this pool of liquid mist.
Tim Sackton: waiting for Schwartz to return from the bathroom.
David S. Kong: So what is our goal? What? What? Now? That we're
David S. Kong: sorry. Just metagame for a sec.
Mike Sackton: I. We think that if we
Mike Sackton: we were trying to free Cloud Spitter here, we think if we drop Cloud Spitter in here she might get freed.
David S. Kong: Got it just dropping the whole.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Crystal thing that she's in.
Mike Sackton: I mean, who knows what'll happen? Our goal here is to, you know, poke things and see if they break.
Mike Sackton: But our hope is, it'll free clouds better.
Kate Sackton: And then she will help us kick butt because they're close.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Or maybe we'll just stand by and admire her kicking, but not really.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: we're all out of spell slots. We can't really kick butt. Well, some of us have been using our spell slots.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's seeker is almost completely tapped. All you can do is summon this well. 6 level construct's pretty good, actually, but.
Kate Sackton: I've saved my 8th level slot.
Kate Sackton: And I have a 5.th And yeah, that's it.
Tim Sackton: Well, Seeker saved his 8th level slot, too, until he just used it. So yeah.
Tim Sackton: thank you.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, sunburst is, could be a useful spell.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: If we are facing an onslaught of powerful dark creatures. Right? I'm ready for
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Kate Sackton: But it doesn't last. It's just an instantaneous thing.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But it was a huge radius. It's a 60 foot
Tim Sackton: radius, which is 120 feet across.
Tim Sackton: You can blast a ton of things with 12 d. 6 damage and blind them.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: I would be happy to use it.
Kate Sackton: Occasion arises.
Tim Sackton: Might not need to.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Drop cloud Spooner in the thing. See what happens.
Tim Sackton: We are just waiting.
Mike Sackton: Waiting for Schwartz.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oops. I didn't mean to do that.
Tim Sackton: You all.
Tim Sackton: If you roll more than one die, can you not roll more than one die.
Mike Sackton: You click, you click it multiple times.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And dnd.
Tim Sackton: On. Dnd, beyond. Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's.
Tim Sackton: Okay, no worries. So the cloud spinner
Tim Sackton: in seekers telekinesis, floats over the pool and then slowly lowered in.
Tim Sackton: Seeker loses his grip.
Tim Sackton: The crystal prison vanishes for a minute.
Tim Sackton: a moment nothing seems to happen.
Tim Sackton: and then there's a whir of an arrow flying through the cloud.
Tim Sackton: 3 arrows.
David S. Kong: At us or at things.
Tim Sackton: But you.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: 17 2 seventeen's I don't know who's standing closest to the back.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if 17 hits anybody in this party.
Mike Sackton: Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Okay, seeker, seekers.
Mike Sackton: Hilton.
Tim Sackton: Buy out of the exposed position.
Tim Sackton: An arrow bounces off Riswin's armor, and Kenzo just instinctively steps to the side as as an arrow flies past him.
Tim Sackton: Then you begin to see sort of tendrils of of
Tim Sackton: blackness begin to sort of creep their way through the the clouds on the edge, anybody doing anything.
Tim Sackton: anybody doing anything.
David S. Kong: Hey? Which which role, Tony, are we in.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I'm not.
Tim Sackton: I'm not in. I'm not in role 20. I don't have any maps or anything for this. I'm just on D and D beyond.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, I'll definitely start shooting back.
Tim Sackton: Okay. You can't see anything, so it'll be. Everything will be a disadvantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Anybody else want to do anything.
Mike Sackton: I'm just thinking. Do I have any.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, what about like a wall of stone? Can we just wrap us all in something protective?
Kate Sackton: I could do a wildfire, I mean, does that keep out arrows because they burn up.
Kate Sackton: But I was, I mean I was thinking of just running in that direction, or flying, or whatever I can do. Am IA dwarf. Now am I an elephant? Am IA bird?
Tim Sackton: No, you're a dwarf.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: Oh, right, because you said my armor
Kate Sackton: I was thinking of just running at my.
Kate Sackton: the Max of my move to see if I could see better.
Kate Sackton: and either get hit by something or be able to cast a spell before I get hit by something
Kate Sackton: I don't know. I know it'll make me more visible to them. But if I can possibly place sunbursts
Kate Sackton: with some amount of you know, skill, instead of just shooting into the clouds instant
Kate Sackton: bad to just shoot into the clouds with my 1 8th level spell slot, show so.
Tim Sackton: You do not need to see the point where you target sunburst for what it's worth.
Kate Sackton: I know, but I don't know what. If I put it.
Kate Sackton: we'll we'll just trust that you're not going to be that mean.
Kate Sackton: Sure, I will.
Tim Sackton: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: That's up to you.
Tim Sackton: I might be that mean.
Kate Sackton: I mean, okay, I do my best faith effort to like have some sort of clue where I'm placing it by going my move my
Kate Sackton: in the direction the arrows came from. I go my 30 foot move
Kate Sackton: unless I reach the edge of a cliff. I don't run off any cliffs, and then.
Tim Sackton: This is all flat ground.
Kate Sackton: Alright! So I got my 30.
Tim Sackton: Cloud mist. Sort of around the ground.
Kate Sackton: So I go. My 30 foot move in the direction the arrows came from.
Kate Sackton: Do I see anything at all still, or am I still in like featureless cloud mist.
Tim Sackton: You're still in cloud myth, although you can hear the
Tim Sackton: the sort of howl of the flying spectre creatures close by.
Kate Sackton: I placed the sunburst.
Kate Sackton: It's also a hundred 50 foot range.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: I place the sunburst in the direction of the Gary Howells.
Kate Sackton: 60 foot sphere.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you are you all well be Kenzo, or sorry Kenzo
Tim Sackton: dealt with either of you doing anything.
Mike Sackton: Ughb!
Mike Sackton: I would have summoned my little insect spirit, but just have it.
Mike Sackton: Just have it for now. Just fly around nearby, and just kind of
Mike Sackton: See what?
Mike Sackton: See what it sees.
Tim Sackton: Okay, just trying to fly out of the cloud.
Mike Sackton: No, actually, it's gonna I think it's just gonna fly around
Mike Sackton: above us, but not actually out of the cloud.
Mike Sackton: I think more. If something comes in, be ready to help us fight it.
Mike Sackton: It lasts for an hour. It's not gonna fly out of the cloud on its own right now and then. I'm just gonna.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. And I'll at least.
Tim Sackton: Action.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's my action. I'll turn to face whatever's out there, at least brought my sword.
David S. Kong: I can pencil, sense anything in the darkness, the shadows.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: You, I mean, there's definitely these shadow creatures are sort of
Tim Sackton: pretty close to the edge of the clouds.
Tim Sackton: The arrows might have come from some distance away.
Tim Sackton: But you saw more of these dust hounds riding wargs chasing you.
David S. Kong: Well, like, if I kind of sense out like, can I get a resolution on how many entities there are, and their locations.
Tim Sackton: So I think one sec.
Tim Sackton: So you're like, you know, or a sense normally is
Tim Sackton: have too many things on here.
Tim Sackton: You've already used it, but you can spend 6
Tim Sackton: key, and then you can do it again.
Tim Sackton: So yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, sure, because I can do the thing where I roll initiative and get my key back right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so Kenzo reaches his mind out as Rizwin runs forward to launch a sunburst and deal with summons. A insect seeker stands watching Cloud Spinner disappear into the pool of mist.
Tim Sackton: and we'll be fires an arrow out into the out into the through the clouds.
Tim Sackton: Just sort of randomly.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, there are these 3 shadow creatures that have been chasing. You are right outside the cloud.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: There are another 10 of the dust hound and Wargs mounted about 400 feet away.
Tim Sackton: The shadow creatures seem to be
Tim Sackton: there is. I mean, the cloud is not
Tim Sackton: an impenetrable barrier, but they're like
Tim Sackton: it's almost like they're pushing themselves through
Tim Sackton: thick mud or something like that like
Tim Sackton: this is, they cannot just fly straight to the cloud, so there you can set. But, Kenza, you can sense them like pushing up against their sort of malevolent will pushing against the cloud, basically just outside.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: At the moment the sunburst explodes.
Tim Sackton: You can all see this like the cloud lights up for a minute with this glare.
Tim Sackton: this burst of light on the far side catching. And, Kinzo, as you're sensing this, you can hear their howls
Tim Sackton: of pain as this light hits all 3 of these shadow creatures.
Tim Sackton: Wabi, your arrow have nothing to aim at. Really your air just kind of flies into the sky.
Tim Sackton: But strangely, the light of Rizwan's sun burst does not stop.
Tim Sackton: The clouds keep growing lighter and lighter.
Tim Sackton: and this, like burst of sunlight that you could see on the other side, begins to
Tim Sackton: spread in like a shell around the entire
Tim Sackton: wall of clouds, deepening to a red, and then a sort of almost pinkish purple as it does.
Tim Sackton: and these little tendrils of darkness that we're beginning to push the way through their clouds, shrivel up and burn away
Tim Sackton: as seeker.
Tim Sackton: All of you are sort of facing out, looking at the danger behind. Seeker is still looking at this well in the middle, and sort of shouts
Tim Sackton: in surprise as you all turn around to look, and you can see floating from the clouds a woman
Tim Sackton: clothed in a red robe, sparkling like shimmering red, almost
Tim Sackton: almost fluffy, like almost like a like a red bathrobe, or something sort of wrapped around or made of of clouds.
Tim Sackton: Basically like her skin is sort of a reddish golden. Her hair is reddish purple.
Tim Sackton: flowing back like there's a wind blowing. Her eyes are closed, and she's holding up her hand and obviously doing something to Rizwan's magic and
Tim Sackton: manipulating this sunburst as it spreads around and around and around, and gets deeper and brighter as it begins to echo and seeger who is Lady Eventide.
Tim Sackton: falls to his knees, crying as you hear shrieks from outside, and then silence, and the cloud spinner steps
Tim Sackton: onto the rim of the pool that you are standing around and opens her eyes, which
Tim Sackton: Blair a sort of pale yellow light.
Tim Sackton: Her skin is.
Tim Sackton: Her skin, and her hair are now all sort of shimmering colors, like swirls of of purples and
Tim Sackton: oranges, almost like paint being mixed.
Tim Sackton: and she stumbles as if incredibly exhausted.
Tim Sackton: and then turns to look at seek our Lady eventide.
Tim Sackton: who's sort of kneeling in awe, looking up at her.
Tim Sackton: and again sort of steps down on the rim of this of this well, stumbling again, resting her hand on
Tim Sackton: Lady Eventide Seeker's shoulder, and sort of bidding her to stand up, and as she does you can see sort of 2 shapes, 2
Tim Sackton: images superimposed, a tall, fey lady standing above and around Seeker.
Tim Sackton: and as the cloud spinner touches seeker, she says.
Tim Sackton: you are safe. Now rest, do not fear.
Tim Sackton: I will find you, and the Cloud Palace will rise again, be at peace.
Tim Sackton: and Seeker stumbles back as the spirit of Lady Eventide departs.
Tim Sackton: and she turns to look at all of you.
Tim Sackton: a sort of question in her eyes, and a sort of deep weariness on her brow.
Tim Sackton: I know not who you are, E.
Tim Sackton: But I thank you for what you have done.
Tim Sackton: She gives a bow.
David S. Kong: Hey? Tim, for fun Kenzo soul sites, perhaps better.
Tim Sackton: She is
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: she is
Tim Sackton: you. You've never really. I mean, this is, this is a much more powerful being, I think, than you ever soul sighted before.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: And there is a overwhelming sense of complexity to her.
Tim Sackton: But the vibe you get right now is a mix of
Tim Sackton: joy and relief, but tempered with a deep grief just below the surface, in a sense of
Tim Sackton: great loss, as the awareness of what has happened to her realm has penetrated.
Tim Sackton: seemingly instantaneously, as she emerged from the prison. Well.
Mike Sackton: Hold on!
David S. Kong: Is she more powerful than
David S. Kong: The dude, the dude?
David S. Kong: Who's the guy?
Mike Sackton: Pollyan.
David S. Kong: Thank you, Pollyanya.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, I mean, she's 1 of the oldest arch Fae.
David S. Kong: In the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: The only one who could possibly match her for power would be Shamat.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Like. That's the level that she's at.
David S. Kong: Wow!
Tim Sackton: I mean, if Apollian had gotten all his stuff back.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Maybe.
David S. Kong: We should have let him, I still think. But whatever.
Tim Sackton: We can. Sometime we'll run an alternate reality of this campaign where you
Tim Sackton: let him be released, and then are just mercilessly crushed in an impossible battle.
David S. Kong: I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: Was like, no, we would have won.
Kate Sackton: And feels like I'll only die 2 or 3 times.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We just need infinite death boards.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Well, we have infinite death wards. Rizma just has to kill lots and lots and lots of people.
Kate Sackton: Oh, what if I told you about? It's not a toy.
Tim Sackton: Back to the game!
Tim Sackton: Does anybody say anything?
Kate Sackton: It was an honor to be of service.
Kate Sackton: Our names are Risman, gentlemen, Zo, Seeker, and Welby.
David S. Kong: Well, so.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I'll I'll say something similar. You know. And did we have a reason for restoring her? Exactly.
Mike Sackton: We were just. It was because we were being chased, and we didn't really have a better option.
Kate Sackton: Well, also, because we've heard of all the wonderful things she does.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Day. And everybody's miserable without her.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: What was in it for us.
Tim Sackton: Yes, the proximate, the approximate.
David S. Kong: Because once you were being attacked.
Mike Sackton: Peace and quiet, peace and quiet was what was in it for us.
David S. Kong: Kendra, why did come? What did you say?
David S. Kong: I said, well, but what was it for us?
David S. Kong: Kenzo does not say that, or that was not nice.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, deal with us. Say something similar, like, it's an honor to aid in your restoration, and
Mike Sackton: you know we will. We
Mike Sackton: hope you bring some healing to this land.
Tim Sackton: Closes her eyes and sort of thighs. Yes.
Tim Sackton: this is just the 1st step, but
Tim Sackton: could have never taken it without you.
Tim Sackton: and you should consider yourself always welcome in Amberglow.
David S. Kong: How can we return here?
Tim Sackton: The same as any mortal.
Tim Sackton: But you are not so simple as mortals I have encountered before.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I think, and she takes, and she reaches down into the the clouded, pulls up
Tim Sackton: as she pulls, pulls her hand up from the prison, while there's like
Tim Sackton: a thread that begins to grow from that, and as she holds it she begins to sort of
Tim Sackton: sort of make a circular motion with her hand, and it begins to grow and growl and spin
Tim Sackton: when she turns and places a hat on Welby's head.
Tim Sackton: a shimmering hat that can change into whatever color you'd like.
Tim Sackton: Should you wish to return. I believe you have the magic to do so.
Tim Sackton: and your companion wears a key
Tim Sackton: that can be used to teleport yourself to this realm.
David S. Kong: Remember.
Tim Sackton: And, oh, God!
Tim Sackton: One does not recover instantly from long imprisonment, but
Tim Sackton: I promise you now should in the future you ask a boon that I can grant shall be yours.
Tim Sackton: So, Metagame, just to be clear.
Tim Sackton: The hat she gave Welby is a
Tim Sackton: material component for plane shift. So if you ever want to
Tim Sackton: specifically for amberglow. You can now cast plane shift to teleport anywhere in Amberglow, using Lobby's hat.
David S. Kong: Also, though we should still have like a room that's like an Hal's moving castle, and you just like flip a bunch of doors and you walk through, and then you're in amber low. That would also be nice.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: She turns and she looks at Rizwan.
David S. Kong: Could she help us destroy the crown.
David S. Kong: or do we give her the crown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What would she do with the crown if she had it? Even.
Kate Sackton: We did just meet her. I mean, we've heard a lot of good things about her.
Tim Sackton: Deluxe at Riswin with some concern.
Tim Sackton: You are still tied down by dark shadows.
David S. Kong: I think.
Kate Sackton: I am learning about this, and need much more meditation and practice.
Tim Sackton: What you need is simple.
Tim Sackton: a purpose.
Mike Sackton: Cool.
Tim Sackton: Put the crown to something powerful enough to break.
Tim Sackton: and she stops for a minute and closes her eyes, as if
Tim Sackton: soul sighting the Crown or Rizwyn, or get the sense that she's reaching out somehow, magically.
Tim Sackton: decades and decades.
Tim Sackton: Ouch!
Tim Sackton: Shaped by a desire for control, a desire for domination.
Tim Sackton: the purpose of those who used the crown before you is still imprinted on it.
Kate Sackton: We feel it.
Tim Sackton: You must either create a new purpose for it, or eventually succumb
Tim Sackton: to the bonds of control that it now believes, and
Tim Sackton: it is bonded to you, but
Tim Sackton: eventually, either you must
Tim Sackton: compel it to a new goal, your own goal, to make it fully your own, or it will eventually overpower you.
Tim Sackton: It's not safe to carry such a thing without a mission.
Kate Sackton: People of the rain. Boo, who, I believe you once helped still hide.
Kate Sackton: given the gift of your magic.
Kate Sackton: But others of their kind are unaware of the possibility of refuge.
Kate Sackton: There could be a greater change for the good, for those people whose works.
Tim Sackton: Her eyes light up, and for the 1st time since you freed her, you see her smile as you mention this.
Tim Sackton: you would do that.
Kate Sackton: With any help that.
Tim Sackton: Not an easy task. You take upon yourself.
Kate Sackton: This should not be an instrument of control. But if it can be an instrument of the power of community
Kate Sackton: mystics and the of the humans and the dwarves, and the
Kate Sackton: any other race who can train me ally with me? Help me to help these Orcs
Kate Sackton: overcome their fearsome God, change their relationship.
Kate Sackton: This crown has the power to really change
Kate Sackton: the fabric of the way things are.
Kate Sackton: I would be the focal point for that.
Kate Sackton: The quest.
Tim Sackton: He nods and smiles, and reaches her
Tim Sackton: hand out towards Rizwan, holding it off as light streams from her.
Tim Sackton: I will aid you as I can in this, but
Tim Sackton: I have much work to do here.
Tim Sackton: She looks at you. She says she sort of you are already.
Tim Sackton: I sense the defender of these people
Tim Sackton: as much as I ever was. This is a worthy goal.
Tim Sackton: All you must do is
Tim Sackton: take the crown
Tim Sackton: and place it on your head, and if
Tim Sackton: your heart and your words are aligned.
Tim Sackton: claim it, and it will shift.
Kate Sackton: So Brisbane takes the crown and puts it on her head.
David S. Kong: Oh, they shift into what? What's gonna happen.
Kate Sackton: Stop being connected to all your buddies in Dunmar.
David S. Kong: Oh, got it? Got it? Got it? Okay?
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Charlotte.
Tim Sackton: Charted. So as Riswyn puts the crown on and restates her dedication to helping more Orcs escape the
Tim Sackton: control of Thark and protecting the people of the Rainbow, you see.
Tim Sackton: light begin to flash from from all the the crown, and just like a bunch of
Tim Sackton: No, you don't have to all initiate it.
Tim Sackton: A bunch of
Tim Sackton: it's almost like fuses burning in the opposite direction, being lit by Rizwyn, and hundreds of these flames
Tim Sackton: shoot off of her, and you hear what sounds like
Tim Sackton: sort of cracking and splitting noises.
Tim Sackton: as hundreds of bonds of control are burned away, and the crown.
Tim Sackton: its appearance has already changed to look sort of dwarven.
Tim Sackton: But it settles in a way it
Tim Sackton: less sort of ottentatious and more green, real, more grounded.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: riz when you feel everybody who was connected to the Crown, including several people currently trapped in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Suddenly their minds released.
Tim Sackton: Not that's not ending the chaos in Charlin, obviously. But things.
Tim Sackton: It's a weight that you didn't realize you were carrying lifted off of you, as you no longer are
Tim Sackton: tied to this army of, you know, created by Cadmos and by
Tim Sackton: his mentor before him. This army of domination and control.
Tim Sackton: and the possibility of something new opens before you.
Tim Sackton: and the cloud spinner turns to the rest of you and says, And what of you?
Tim Sackton: Where do you go next?
David S. Kong: Great question.
David S. Kong: How does time work again in in amber Glow compared to the real world?
Kate Sackton: We believe. I believe.
Tim Sackton: Really know. I mean, you've slept maybe
Tim Sackton: 4 times 5 times since you came here.
Tim Sackton: You've eaten more than that, but
Tim Sackton: also, like time doesn't work like normal in the Feywild, so you could have easily gone a week without sleeping and not really noticed.
Tim Sackton: You have no idea how much time has passed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have like the moon necklace, but I don't know how much I trust that.
Tim Sackton: If you look at the moon necklace like
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 weeks have passed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But like I also didn't trust that like 15 min when I wasn't looking, it didn't real quick like skip ahead 4 or 5.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Complete phases, or something.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you've abandoned your crew. Vintja Sharna is sitting somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Immediate goal is to return to Vendrasharla.
David S. Kong: Yeah, there, you go.
Mike Sackton: And then regroup.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Go.
Mike Sackton: Somewhere.
David S. Kong: Well, I guess we tell her we have a an airship.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
David S. Kong: Back to you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we we do. We have a flying castle in the sky that I like to think of as our home.
David S. Kong: Here's our house.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can I go back to it?
Tim Sackton: She smiled. Yes, I, too, must repair my flying castle.
David S. Kong: You have a flying castle.
Tim Sackton: The Cloud Palace.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: You know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ours. Ours is more of just a big boat.
Mike Sackton: Ours is a bit more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rustic.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, dash.
David S. Kong: Stony.
David S. Kong: Can we bring our skyship to your skyship?
Tim Sackton: Such interplanar travel is not simple, nor is it impossible.
Tim Sackton: One never knows what the future may bring.
Tim Sackton: Once, long ago, a storm ship of the giants did visit here.
David S. Kong: Right.
David S. Kong: That's a weird question to ask. I know.
Mike Sackton: We have a stormship of the Giants.
Mike Sackton: That's where Vint de Charlotte.
Tim Sackton: Doubt it is in Jasharma that was not this.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Star of the wind.
Tim Sackton: No, this was.
Tim Sackton: It was long ago.
David S. Kong: We were its crew.
Tim Sackton: Well, giants, of course.
David S. Kong: I mean? I asked, because we have a giant flagship. But we're not giants.
Tim Sackton: These days much has changed the old ways, not the same.
Tim Sackton: I suppose you must return, and I would not ask you to keep your
Tim Sackton: crew in suspense. I do not know long how long you have been gone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you, now that you have taken this mission. Turning to Rizwyn.
Tim Sackton: There won't be much to do.
Tim Sackton: And then she turns and looks at
Tim Sackton: Valeris, the satcher, who's been hiding behind as many people as possible, trying not to be noticed.
Tim Sackton: And what would you do, my fave, friend?
Tim Sackton: And he blinks for a few minutes like really trying not to speak.
Tim Sackton: Do you want the truth?
Tim Sackton: It doesn't actually matter if you want the truth, because that's all that I can give you.
Tim Sackton: I want my old life back.
Tim Sackton: You're strong, you're powerful. I think you owe it to me right
Tim Sackton: like, come on, I well, actually, no, I didn't.
Tim Sackton: Well, literally, I did basically nothing. These people probably damn it! Shut up, Valaris! This is not the time.
Mike Sackton: He was helpful. You are helpful for us. Do not dismiss your contributions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): His breath will be, says, in what sense dealeth.
Mike Sackton: Nomadic.
Kate Sackton: Company.
Mike Sackton: Diplomatic.
Tim Sackton: The cloud spinner says, Peace, peace.
Mike Sackton: We're being nice to him since.
Tim Sackton: There are many selfless tasks that must be done.
Tim Sackton: an amber glow now, pests that do not carry the dangers of bites, that
Tim Sackton: there is no way you could have been prepared for that.
Tim Sackton: These powerful allies led you into, but nonetheless selfless tasks.
Tim Sackton: To help bring this land back
Tim Sackton: cannot grant you your boon, and I would not if I could.
Tim Sackton: But perhaps if you will join my service.
Tim Sackton: there is a path forward for you.
Tim Sackton: We're not gonna say, no, I agree.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Peace. You do not need to speak more now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That spinner you've given us.
Tim Sackton: Turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The means by magic to return. But I'd ask before we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Surely somewhere in your domain there's a passageway and a portal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and for one like me without the means magically to travel. It would be a great gift to know the way to get back again.
Tim Sackton: There are several you have passed through one before I sense last light falls.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Volunteer, yeah.
Tim Sackton: That is on the edge of my realm.
Tim Sackton: There were once 2 others, one in the North.
Tim Sackton: I fear now that it will be some time before, that is, stay.
Tim Sackton: It was on the northern border of my realm, near the human city of Izengey.
Tim Sackton: There was a 3rd portal
Tim Sackton: not too far from here. Actually.
Tim Sackton: I guess I don't know what is on the other side now, but once, long ago, it was
Tim Sackton: in the heartland of the Drankorian Empire
Tim Sackton: some distance north of the capital.
Tim Sackton: but the land has changed much, and I know not now what is on the other side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That sounds perfect.
Tim Sackton: But, my explorer friend, your hat will lead you to any of these portals. Should you wish it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Tim Sackton: Think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thank you.
Tim Sackton: There is much I must do.
Tim Sackton: She looks around, and again her eyes closed, and you see the sort of wave of grief passed across
Tim Sackton: her face, and I must see who still survives of my people.
Tim Sackton: But perhaps we will meet again and again.
Tim Sackton: Please remember if there is a boon that I can grant at some future date.
Tim Sackton: You know where I am.
Tim Sackton: and I guess this is goodbye, then.
Tim Sackton: Do you have the means to return to your ship?
Mike Sackton: We have the prism, right?
Mike Sackton: The Rainbow Bridge.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Very well.
Tim Sackton: farewell!
David S. Kong: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Hope you find.
David S. Kong: Farewell cloud, spinner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Farewell!
Mike Sackton: Yes, farewell.
Mike Sackton: We hope to visit again when it is when your realm is restored.
David S. Kong: We will be back for sure.
Tim Sackton: I would enjoy that.
Tim Sackton: and she begins to walk out from the clouds, and as she walks through the clouds.
Tim Sackton: the prism well, and the clouds surrounding it vanish, and you're left standing on an empty plane.
Tim Sackton: A lot of us haven't gone with Cloud Spinner.
Mike Sackton: Are the dust hounds gone?
Tim Sackton: Yes, they are burned to a crisp.
Mike Sackton: Is Riswind, are you going off on some quest.
Kate Sackton: I think that I need to go consult with the people of the Rainbow in the Work city, and see what
Kate Sackton: I I will not impose on these people my plans, but work with them to
Kate Sackton: create a strategy where we can harness this power for the greater good.
Kate Sackton: But I could stop at Vindersharna on the way.
Kate Sackton: I don't think I'm gonna I mean, we're rainbow bridging from here, but.
Mike Sackton: It's true.
Mike Sackton: Let's return to Vidya Sharna.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: So you open the Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: and the portal appears leading you to Vendrasharna.
Tim Sackton: You step across and find yourself
Tim Sackton: Floating 40 feet above a desert.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! Hold on one sec. This will be cool.
David S. Kong: What do we need it?
Tim Sackton: If I can find that
David S. Kong: Anybody remember where we parked the car.
Mike Sackton: No, we carry a teleporter to get back to our car just for that reason, so we don't have to remember where we parked it.
David S. Kong: But where were we last time when we were.
Tim Sackton: I mean you left it.
Mike Sackton: No, don't we fly to the portal? The flay portal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The wine portal.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. The wine portal.
David S. Kong: You left it by the wine portal?
David S. Kong: Was that flying over desert, or is that not over a desert.
Kate Sackton: But Faldrick can never be counted on to stay anywhere.
Tim Sackton: Flying over a Redstone house.
Tim Sackton: Nobody recognizes this.
Mike Sackton: Familiar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was that where the months were.
David S. Kong: Oven, pop up.
Tim Sackton: Ava and Avras live.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You see sitting on the ground below you, Ammo.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's apprentice, and Pava in discussion.
Tim Sackton: while Faldrick paces on the deck of the ship.
Tim Sackton: and I think that is where we will pick up next time.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: What are we doing in here.
Tim Sackton: But I'm gonna stop the recording.